[18.0][MIG] delivery_line_sale_line_position: Migration to 18.0 (#376)
OCA/stock-logistics-reporting: delivery_line_sale_line_position/README.rst

   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--reporting-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-reporting/tree/18.0/delivery_line_sale_line_position
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-reporting
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-reporting-18-0/stock-logistics-reporting-18-0-delivery_line_sale_line_position
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-reporting&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

> This module is build on top of the module sale_order_line_position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is built on top of the module `sale_order_line_position`.
```

Author: Done

On the delivery report it adds a column with the Position from the
related sale order line.

> The Position can also made visible int the stock picking view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Position can also made visible int the stock transfer form view.
```

Author: Done
